I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time! Found them? In Mercia?! The coconut's tropical!

Ni! Ni! Ni! Ni! What do you mean? I dunno. Must be a king. Well, we did do the nose. Bring her forward!

Bloody Peasant! Shut up! Will you shut up?! And this isn't my nose. This is a false one. The swallow may fly south with the sun, and the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.

It's only a model. The swallow may fly south with the sun, and the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land. Shut up! Where'd you get the coconuts?

Well, she turned me into a newt. The Knights Who Say Ni demand a sacrifice! Oh, ow! Well, I got better.

Who's that then? On second thoughts, let's not go there. It is a silly place. Well, we did do the nose. But you are dressed as one… I have to push the pram a lot. I dunno. Must be a king.

What a strange person. No, no, no! Yes, yes. A bit. But she's got a wart. I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time!

I'm not a witch. Did you dress her up like this? Ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system! Oh, ow!

He hasn't got shit all over him. Be quiet! Now, look here, my good man. Well, I didn't vote for you. I have to push the pram a lot.

You can't expect to wield supreme power just 'cause some watery tart threw a sword at you! What a strange person. He hasn't got shit all over him. The Knights Who Say Ni demand a sacrifice! We shall say 'Ni' again to you, if you do not appease us.

The nose? Oh, ow! Well, we did do the nose. You don't vote for kings. I dunno. Must be a king. Why?

Burn her anyway! Well, we did do the nose. He hasn't got shit all over him. A newt? And the hat. She's a witch!

The Knights Who Say Ni demand a sacrifice! The swallow may fly south with the sun, and the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land. Shut up!

Who's that then? Ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system! Well, she turned me into a newt. I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time!

Why? A newt? I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time!

Bring her forward! But you are dressed as one… Ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system! Well, how'd you become king, then? The swallow may fly south with the sun, and the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.

What do you mean? Camelot! Camelot! We shall say 'Ni' again to you, if you do not appease us. How do you know she is a witch?

Bring her forward! The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite, held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. That is why I am your king.

Shut up! Will you shut up?! The Knights Who Say Ni demand a sacrifice! And this isn't my nose. This is a false one. Where'd you get the coconuts? You don't frighten us, English pig-dogs! Go and boil your bottoms, sons of a silly person! I blow my nose at you, so-called Ah-thoor Keeng, you and all your silly English K-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-niggits!

Oh! Come and see the violence inherent in the system! Help, help, I'm being repressed! Look, my liege! Well, what do you want? Oh! Come and see the violence inherent in the system! Help, help, I'm being repressed!